# packages in environment at C:\Users\cooperr\AppData\Local\Continuum\Miniconda3\envs\park_crime_analysis_36:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
altair                    2.4.1                    py36_0    conda-forge
asn1crypto                0.24.0                py36_1003    conda-forge
attrs                     19.1.0                     py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
blas                      1.0                         mkl  
bleach                    3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.68.0            h6a4c333_1000    conda-forge
branca                    0.3.1                      py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.6             hfa6e2cd_1002    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2019.3.9             hecc5488_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.3.9                 py36_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.12.2           py36hb32ad35_1    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4                 py36_1003    conda-forge
click                     7.0                        py_0    conda-forge
click-plugins             1.0.4                      py_0    conda-forge
cligj                     0.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cryptography              2.5              py36h74b6da3_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.64.0               h4496350_2    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_1    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.5.0                      py_1    conda-forge
descartes                 1.1.0                      py_2    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3                   py36_1000    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.5             he025d50_1002    conda-forge
fiona                     1.8.6            py36hce0be61_0    conda-forge
folium                    0.8.3                      py_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               h5db478b_0    conda-forge
freexl                    1.0.5             hd288d7e_1002    conda-forge
gdal                      2.4.0           py36hdf5ee75_1002    conda-forge
geopandas                 0.4.1                      py_1    conda-forge
geos                      3.7.1             he025d50_1000    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.4.3             h8408f58_1000    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hb01d8f6_1002    conda-forge
glib                      2.58.3            hc0c2ac7_1001    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            hf8e6fe8_1002    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.4          nompi_hcc15c50_1106    conda-forge
icc_rt                    2019.0.0             h0cc432a_1  
icu                       58.2                     vc14_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.8                   py36_1000    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2019.3                      203  
ipykernel                 5.1.0           py36h39e3cac_1002    conda-forge
ipython                   7.4.0            py36h39e3cac_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.13.3                   py36_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.10                       py_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                hfa6e2cd_1001    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.0.1                    py36_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            5.2.4                      py_3    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                0.35.4                   py36_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         0.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
kealib                    1.4.10            heacb130_1003    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.0.1           py36he980bc4_1002    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.3            h038dc86_1000    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0                     4_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0                     4_mkl    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.64.0               h4496350_2    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             h6538335_1006    conda-forge
libgdal                   2.4.0             haf7df99_1002    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              hfa6e2cd_1005    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             h4fd0f3b_1009    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0                     4_mkl    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.6.2             h396784b_1001    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.36            h7602738_1000    conda-forge
libpq                     10.6              h4c6b53d_1000    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.16            h2fa13f4_1001    conda-forge
libspatialindex           1.8.5                he025d50_4    conda-forge
libspatialite             4.3.0a            h6a0152f_1026    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.0             hc4dcbb0_1003    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.0.10            h36446d0_1001    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.8             h9ce36c8_1005    conda-forge
m2w64-expat               2.1.1                         2  
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6  
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7  
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7  
m2w64-gettext             0.19.7                        2  
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2  
m2w64-libiconv            1.14                          6  
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2  
m2w64-xz                  5.2.2                         2  
mapclassify               2.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py36hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.0.3                    py36_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.0.3            py36h3e3dc42_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py36hfa6e2cd_1000    conda-forge
mkl                       2019.1                      144  
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1  
munch                     2.3.2                      py_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.4.1                      py_2    conda-forge
nbformat                  4.4.0                      py_1    conda-forge
nodejs                    11.11.0                       0    conda-forge
notebook                  5.7.8                    py36_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.16.2           py36h8078771_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                ha922770_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.0.2r               hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
pandas                    0.24.2           py36h6538335_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.7.1                         0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.3.4                      py_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.41              h6538335_1003    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                 py36_1000    conda-forge
pip                       19.0.3                   py36_0    conda-forge
poppler                   0.67.0               heddaa77_6    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.9                         1    conda-forge
postgresql                10.6              hdce66b5_1000    conda-forge
proj4                     5.2.0             hfa6e2cd_1001    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            2.0.9                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.19                     py36_1    conda-forge
pygments                  2.3.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.0.0                   py36_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.3.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyproj                    1.9.6           py36h1fcc0e4_1000    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.6.0           py36h764d66f_1008    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.14.11          py36hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.6.8                 py36_1002    conda-forge
python                    3.6.7             he025d50_1004    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2018.9                     py_0    conda-forge
pywinpty                  0.5.5                 py36_1000    conda-forge
pyzmq                     18.0.1           py36he418aac_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.6.2                h2639256_8    conda-forge
requests                  2.21.0                py36_1000    conda-forge
rtree                     0.8.3           py36h21ff451_1002    conda-forge
scipy                     1.2.1            py36h29ff71c_0  
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                40.8.0                   py36_0    conda-forge
shapely                   1.6.4           py36h8921fb9_1003    conda-forge
sip                       4.18.1          py36h6538335_1000    conda-forge
six                       1.12.0                py36_1000    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.26.0            hfa6e2cd_1001    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.2                    py36_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.2                   py_1001    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.9             hfa6e2cd_1001    conda-forge
toolz                     0.9.0                      py_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.2            py36hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.2                 py36_1000    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.24.1                py36_1000    conda-forge
vc                        14                            0    conda-forge
vincent                   0.4.4                      py_1    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.0.25420                    0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.7                      py_1    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.33.1                   py36_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.4.2                 py36_1000    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0                    py36_0    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2                   py36_1002    conda-forge
winpty                    0.4.3                         4    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.2             h6538335_1001    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h2fa13f4_1001    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.2.5             he025d50_1006    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h2fa13f4_1004    conda-forge
